 command [command_opts] [command_args]
      DESCRIPTION:
            Command line tool for using Virgil Security stack
            functionality.

      AVAILABLE COMMANDS:
      encrypt    Encrypt data for given recipients which can be defined by
            Virgil Public Keys and by passwords.

      decrypt     Decrypt data for given recipient which can be defined by
            Virgil Public Key or by password.

      sign    Sign data with Private Key.

      verify    Verify data with Virgil Public Key.

      public-key-add    Register user's public key on the Virgil Public 
            Keys service. 

      public-key-get    Get user's Virgil Public Key from the Virgil 
            Public Keys service.

      public-key-del    Delete user's Virgil Public Key from the 
            Virgil Public Keys service.

      public-key-update    Update user's public key on the Virgil Public 
            Keys service.

      public-key-reset    Reset a User’s Public Keys data if the user 
            lost his/her Private Key.

      public-key-confirm    Confirm reset or delete a Public Key from the
            Virgil Public Keys service. 

      user-data-add    Add user data email|phone|domain. 

      user-data-del    Remove user data item from the Public Key.

      user-data-confirm    Send confirmation code to the Virgil Public
            Keys service. Confirmation code is sent after user's public
            key registration.

      user-data-reconfirm    Resend confirmation code to the user 
            for given user's identifier.

      private-key-gen    Generate private key with a given parameters.

      private-key-add    Load an existing Private Key into the Private 
      Keys service and associate it with the texisting Container object.
      To register, you must to a provide public key/s which will be 
      associated with it.

      private-key-get    Get user's Private Key from the Virgil Private
            Keys service.

      private-key-del    Delete user's Private Key from the Virgil 
            Private Keys service.

      private-key-info    Get public key from the private key.

      container-auth    Authenticate a session. Virgil’s Service will 
            create an Authentication token that will be available for 60 
            minutes. If you work longer than 60 minutes, the token will 
            automatically prolong itself.  Otherwise, the token will die 
            and you will need to generate a new one.

      private-container-create    Virgil’s Private Key storage provides 
            users the container for private keys. Every user in the public
            key service will have a container for storing their private keys. 

      container-del    Delete existing container object from the Private 
            Key service.

      container-info    Get container-type: easy | normal.

      container-update    Update an existing Container object. 
            Update container password or/and container-type.

      container-reset    Reset container password.

      container-confirm    Confirm password token and re-encrypt Private
            Key data with the new password.
            